[ADD] Employees: adding a new employee (#4466)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/employees/new_employee.rst

=====================
Adding a new employee

> =====================

Author: I changed it to 'Add a new employee' so we don't have the 'ing' but kept to the main scope of this doc

- :guilabel:`Work Permit`: If the employee has a work permit, enter the information in this section.
  Type in the :guilabel:`Visa No` and/or :guilabel:`Work Permit No` in the corresponding fields.
  Using the calendar module, select the :guilabel:`Visa Expire Date` to enter the expiration date.

  .. image:: new_employee/personal-info.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Enter any personal information for the employee in this tab.

HR settings tab
---------------

This tab prompts for different information depending on the country the company is located.
Different fields are configured for different locations, however some sections will appear
regardless of location.

- :guilabel:`Status`: If applicable, select a :guilabel:`Related User`, :guilabel:`Job Position`,
  and :guilabel:`Language` with the drop-down menus. Type in the :guilabel:`Registration Number of
  the Employee`, and the :guilabel:`NIF country code` if available.
- :guilabel:`Fleet`: If the employee has access to a company car, enter the :guilabel:`Mobility
  Card` information here.
- :guilabel:`Timesheets`: Enter the employee's cost per hour in a $XX.XX format. This is factored in

>   when the employee is working at a work center. This value will affect the employee's pay and may
>   also affect manufacturing costs for a product, if the value of the manufactured product is not a
>   fixed amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when the employee is working at a work center. This value affects the employee's pay, and may
  also affect manufacturing costs for a product, if the value of the manufactured product is not a
  fixed amount.
```

- :guilabel:`Attendance`: This section may only appear for Belgian companies. Enter the
  :guilabel:`INSZ or BIS` number if applicable. :guilabel:`Badge ID` and a :guilabel:`PIN Code` can

>   be entered here if the employee needs/has one. Click :guilabel:`Generate` next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be entered here, if the employee needs/has one. Click :guilabel:`Generate` next to the
```

==================
Add a new employee
==================

When a new employee is hired, the first step is to create a new employee form. Starting in the

> *Employee* app default view, click the :guilabel:`Create` button to access a new employee form. Fill
> out the required information (underlined in bold) and any additional details, then click
> :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Employees* app default view, click the :guilabel:`Create` button to access a new employee form.
Fill out the required information (underlined in bold) and any additional details, then click
:guilabel:`Save`.
```
the name of the app is plural (Employees > Employee)

- :guilabel:`Working Hours`: In the :guilabel:`Work Information` tab, select the desired amount of
  :guilabel:`Working Hours` from the drop-down menu.

.. image:: new_employee/working-hours.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Working Hours are located in the Work Information tab.

.. note::
   :guilabel:`Working Hours` are based on a company's working time. Each individual working time is
   specific to a company, and can be added and/or modified. To add or modify a working time, go to
   the :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Working Times`, and add a new working time
   or edit an existing one.

Optional fields
---------------

- :guilabel:`Photo`: In the top right image box of the employee card, click on the :guilabel:`✏️
  (pencil)` edit icon to select a photo to upload.
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: Enter the employee's job position title.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: Click on a :guilabel:`Tag` in the drop-down menu to add any tags applicable to
  the employee. Any tag can be created in this field by typing it in. Once created, the new tag is
  available for all employee cards. There is no limit to the amount of tags that can be added.

> - :guilabel:`Work Contact Information`: Enter the employees :guilabel:`Work Mobile`, :guilabel:`Work
>   Phone`, :guilabel:`Work Email`, and/or :guilabel:`Company` name. The :guilabel:`External Link`
>   button (next to :guilabel:`Company`) opens the company's :guilabel:`General Information` card.
>   Modifications can be made to this card. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Work Contact Information`: Enter the employees :guilabel:`Work Mobile`,
  :guilabel:`Work Phone`, :guilabel:`Work Email`, and/or :guilabel:`Company` name. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button (next to :guilabel:`Company`) opens the company's
  :guilabel:`General Information` card. Modifications can be made to this card. Click
  :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
```
100th character line break issues

- :guilabel:`Department`: Select the employee's department from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected department's details. Modifications to the
  :guilabel:`Department Name`, :guilabel:`Parent Department`, :guilabel:`Manager`, and
  :guilabel:`Company` can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
- :guilabel:`Manager`: Select the employee's :guilabel:`Manager` from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected manager's :guilabel:`Employee Form`.
  Modifications to the form can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.
- :guilabel:`Coach`: Select the employee's :guilabel:`Coach` from the drop-down menu. The external

>   link button opens the selected coach's :guilabel:`Employee Form`. Modifications to the form can be
>   made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  link button opens the selected coach's :guilabel:`Employee Form`. Modifications to the form can
  be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.
```
100th character line breaks

 .. note::
    After a :guilabel:`Manager` is selected, if the :guilabel:`Coach` field is blank, the selected
    manager automatically populates the :guilabel:`Coach` field.

Additional information tabs
===========================

Resume tab
----------

Resume
~~~~~~

> Next, the employee's work history is entered in the :guilabel:`Resume` tab. Each previous experience
> must be entered individually. Click :guilabel:`Create a New Entry`, and the :guilabel:`Create Resume
> lines` form appears. Enter the following information, then click the :guilabel:`Save & Close` button
> if there is only one entry to add, or click the :guilabel:`Save & New` button to save the current
> entry and create another line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the employee's work history is entered in the :guilabel:`Resume` tab. Each previous
experience must be entered individually. Click :guilabel:`Create a New Entry`, and the
:guilabel:`Create Resume lines` form appears. Enter the following information, then click the
:guilabel:`Save & Close` button if there is only one entry to add, or click the :guilabel:`Save &
New` button to save the current entry and create another line.
```
100th character line break

.. image:: new_employee/resume-lines.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add information for the previous work experience in this form.

- :guilabel:`Name`: Type in the :guilabel:`Name` of the previous work experience.
- :guilabel:`Type`: From the drop-down menu, select either :guilabel:`Experience`,
  :guilabel:`Education`, :guilabel:`Internal Certification`, :guilabel:`Internal Training`, or type
  in a new entry.
- :guilabel:`Display Type`: Select either :guilabel:`Classic`, :guilabel:`Certification`, or
  :guilabel:`Course` from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Date Start` and :guilabel:`Date End`: Enter the start and end dates for the work
  experience. To select a date, use the left and right arrows to scroll to the desired month, then
  click on the day to select it.
- :guilabel:`Description`: Enter any relevant details in the description field.

Skills
~~~~~~

An employee's skills can be entered in the :guilabel:`Resume` tab in the same manner a resume line
is created. Click the :guilabel:`Create a New Entry` button under *Skills* and a :guilabel:`Create
Skills` form appears. Fill in the information, then click the :guilabel:`Save & Close` button if

> there is only one entry to add, or click the :guilabel:`Save & New` button to save the current entry
> and immediately create a new entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is only one entry to add, or click the :guilabel:`Save & New` button to save the current
entry and immediately create a new entry.
```
100th character line break

Author: I double checked this with Sam and this looks correct- it hits right at 100 character mark.

  skill. This form allows for the creation of specific skills and levels. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` and enter the information for the new skill, then repeat for all other added skills. Repeat
  this process for the :guilabel:`Levels` section. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add each level
  and progress.

  .. image:: new_employee/new-skills.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Add a new skill and levels.

  .. example::
     To add a math skill set, enter `Math` in the :guilabel:`Skill Type` field. In the
     :guilabel:`Skills` field, enter `Algebra`, `Calculus`, and `Trigonometry`. And, in the
     :guilabel:`Skill Level` field enter `beginner`, `intermeidate`, and `expert`. Then, either
     click :guilabel:`Save & Close` of :guilabel:`Save & New`.

- :guilabel:`Skill`: The corresponding :guilabel:`Skills` associated with the selected
  :guilabel:`Skill Type` appear in a drop-down menu. For example, selecting *language* as the
  :guilabel:`Skill Type` presents a variety of languages to select from under the
  :guilabel:`Skills` field. Select the appropriate pre-configured skill, or type in a new one.

> - :guilabel:`Skill Level`: Pre-defined :guilabel:`Skill Levels` associated with the selected skill

Author: I agree- I forgot the pop-up only says Levels for the section, whereas on the individual skill section, when you add it, you see "skill level". So I believe your edits here are correct (I made these edits that is).

I originally put in Skill Level since that's what it appeared like in the previous screen, but this is more accurate..

  type appear in a drop-down menu. Select a level or create a new skill level by typing it in.
- :guilabel:`Progress`: Progress is automatically selected based on the selected :guilabel:`Skill

>   Level`. Skill levels and progress can be modified in the :guilabel:`Skill Type` pop-up form, which
>   is accessed via the :guilabel:`External Link` icon next to :guilabel:`Skill Type` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Level`. Skill levels and progress can be modified in the :guilabel:`Skill Type` pop-up form,
  which is accessed via the :guilabel:`External Link` icon next to :guilabel:`Skill Type` field.
```
100th character

To delete any line from the :guilabel:`Resume` tab, click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash can)` delete
icon to delete the entry. Add a new line by clicking the :guilabel:`ADD` button next to the
corresponding section.

Work information tab
--------------------

- :guilabel:`Location`: Select the :guilabel:`Work Address` from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens up the selected company form in a window, and allows for
  editing. The :guilabel:`Work Location` is where any specific location details should be noted,
  such as a floor, or building.
- :guilabel:`Approvers`: Using the drop-down menus, select the employees responsible for approving
  :guilabel:`Time Off`, :guilabel:`Expenses`, and :guilabel:`Timesheets` for the employee. The

>   :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens a form with the approver's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email
>   Address`, :guilabel:`Company`, :guilabel:`Phone`, and :guilabel:`Mobile` fields. These can be
>   modified, if needed. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making any edits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens a form with the approver's :guilabel:`Name`,
  :guilabel:`Email Address`, :guilabel:`Company`, :guilabel:`Phone`, and :guilabel:`Mobile` fields.
  These can be modified, if needed. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making any edits.
```
100th character

> - :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone` for
>   the employee. The :guilabel:`Working Hours External Link` icon opens up a detailed view of the
>   specific daily working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here.
>   :guilabel:`Global Time Off` (such as holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off`
>   tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new global time off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone`
  for the employee. The :guilabel:`Working Hours External Link` icon opens up a detailed view of
  the specific daily working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here.
  :guilabel:`Global Time Off` (such as holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off`
  tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new global time off.
```
100th character

> - :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone` for
>   the employee. The :guilabel:`Working Hours External Link` icon opens up a detailed view of the
>   specific daily working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here.
>   :guilabel:`Global Time Off` (such as holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off`
>   tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new global time off.

Reviewer 2: Keeping consistency in referring to **External Link** icon and removing the :guilabel: from the statement of _Global time off_ (such as holidays)...
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone` for
  the employee. The :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens up a detailed view of the specific daily
  working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here. Global time off (such as
  holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off` tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to
  add a new global time off.
```

- :guilabel:`Planning`: Click on a :guilabel:`Planning Role` from the drop-down menu for both the

>   :guilabel:`Default Planning Role` and the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` sections to add a role. There
>   is no limit to the amount of :guilabel:`Planning Roles` that can be selected for an employee, but
>   there can only be one :guilabel:`Default Planning Role`. The default is the *typical* role that
>   the employee performs, where the planning roles are *all* the specific roles the employee is
>   able to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Default Planning Role` and the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` sections to add a role.
  There is no limit to the amount of :guilabel:`Planning Roles` that can be selected for an
  employee, but there can only be one :guilabel:`Default Planning Role`. The default is the
  *typical* role that the employee performs, where the planning roles are *all* the specific roles
  the employee is able to perform.
```
100th character

>   the employee performs, where the planning roles are *all* the specific roles the employee is
>   able to perform.

Reviewer 2: Early line break
```suggestion
  the employee performs, where the planning roles are *all* the specific roles the employee is able
  to perform.
```

  .. image:: new_employee/work-info.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Add the work information to this section.

Private information tab
-----------------------

No information in the :guilabel:`Private Information` tab is required, however, some information in
this section may be critical for the company's payroll department. In order to properly process
payslips and ensure all deductions are accounted for, the employee's personal information should be
entered.

Here, the employee's :guilabel:`Private Contact`, :guilabel:`Marital Status`, :guilabel:`Emergency

> Contact`, :guilabel:`Education`, :guilabel:`Citizenship`, :guilabel:`Dependant`, and
> :guilabel:`Work Permit` information is entered. Fields are entered either using a drop-down menu,
> clicking a check box, or typing in the information.

Reviewer 2: Early line break
```suggestion
Contact`, :guilabel:`Education`, :guilabel:`Citizenship`, :guilabel:`Dependant`, and :guilabel:`Work
Permit` information is entered. Fields are entered either using a drop-down menu, clicking a check
box, or typing in the information.
```

  made with the drop-down menu. If the information is not available, type in the name for the new
  address. To edit the new address, click the :guilabel:`External Link` icon to open the address
  form. On the address form, enter the necessary details, then click :guilabel:`Save`. Some other
  information in the :guilabel:`Private Contact` section may auto-populate, if the address is
  already listed in the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Marital Status`: Select either :guilabel:`Single`, :guilabel:`Married`,
  :guilabel:`Legal Cohabitant`, :guilabel:`Widower`, or :guilabel:`Divorced` from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Emergency Contact`: Type in the name and phone number of the employee's emergency
  contact.
- :guilabel:`Education`: Select the highest level of education completed by the employee from the
  drop-down menu. Options include :guilabel:`Graduate`, :guilabel:`Bachelor`, :guilabel:`Master`,
  :guilabel:`Doctor`, or :guilabel:`Other`. Type in the :guilabel:`Field of Study`, and the name of
  the :guilabel:`School` in the respective fields.
- :guilabel:`Citizenship`: This section houses all the information relevant to the citizenship of

>   the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality (Country)`,
>   :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of Birth` uses
>   a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the month, then the year, to
>   access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the correct year range, and
>   click on the year. Next, click on the month. Last, click on the day to select the date. Type in
>   the information for the :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and
>   :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a
>   :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the respective fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality
  (Country)`, :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of
  Birth` uses a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the month, then the
  year, to access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the correct year
  range, and click on the year. Next, click on the month. Last, click on the day to select the
  date. Type in the information for the :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and
  :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a
  :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the respective fields.
```
100th character

> - :guilabel:`Citizenship`: This section houses all the information relevant to the citizenship of
>   the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality (Country)`,
>   :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of Birth` uses
>   a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the month, then the year, to
>   access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the correct year range, and
>   click on the year. Next, click on the month. Last, click on the day to select the date. Type in
>   the information for the :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and
>   :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a
>   :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the respective fields.

Reviewer 2: Adding :guilabel: to the elements with active instruction
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Citizenship`: This section houses all the information relevant to the citizenship of
  the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality (Country)`,
  :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of Birth` uses
  a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the :guilabel:`month`, then the
  :guilabel:`year`, to access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the
  correct year range, and click on the :guilabel:`year`. Next, click on the :guilabel:`month`. Last,
  click on the :guilabel:`day` to select the date. Type in the information for the
  :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If
  the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the
  respective fields.
```

- :guilabel:`Dependant`: If the employee has any dependants, that information is entered here. Type

>   in the :guilabel:`Number of Children` the employee has, and check the boxes next to

Reviewer 2: This is an instruction to type in the _number of children_ so a :guilabel: is unnecessary here
```suggestion
  in the number of children the employee has, and check the boxes next to
```

  :guilabel:`Disabled Children` and/or :guilabel:`Other Dependent People` if applicable.

> - :guilabel:`Work Permit`: If the employee has a work permit, enter the information in this section.
>   Type in the :guilabel:`Visa No` and/or :guilabel:`Work Permit No` in the corresponding fields.
>   Using the calendar module, select the :guilabel:`Visa Expire Date` to enter the expiration date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Work Permit`: If the employee has a work permit, enter the information in this
  section. Type in the :guilabel:`Visa No` and/or :guilabel:`Work Permit No` in the corresponding
  fields. Using the calendar module, select the :guilabel:`Visa Expire Date` to enter the
  expiration date.
```
100th character

  .. image:: new_employee/personal-info.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Enter any personal information for the employee in this tab.

HR settings tab
---------------

This tab provides various fields for different information, depending on the country the company is
located. Different fields are configured for different locations, however some sections appear
regardless.

- :guilabel:`Status`: If applicable, select a :guilabel:`Related User`, :guilabel:`Job Position`,
  and :guilabel:`Language` with the drop-down menus. Type in the :guilabel:`Registration Number of
  the Employee`, and the :guilabel:`NIF country code` if available.
- :guilabel:`Fleet`: If the employee has access to a company car, enter the :guilabel:`Mobility
  Card` information here.

> - :guilabel:`Timesheets`: Enter the employee's cost per hour in a $XX.XX format. This is factored in
>   when the employee is working at a work center. This value affects the employee's pay, and may also
>   affect manufacturing costs for a product, if the value of the manufactured product is not a fixed
>   amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Timesheets`: Enter the employee's cost per hour in a $XX.XX format. This is factored
  in when the employee is working at a work center. This value affects the employee's pay, and may
  also affect manufacturing costs for a product, if the value of the manufactured product is not a
  fixed amount.
```
100th character

- :guilabel:`Attendance`: This section may only appear for Belgian companies. Enter the
  :guilabel:`INSZ or BIS` number if applicable. :guilabel:`Badge ID` and a :guilabel:`PIN Code` can
  be entered here, if the employee needs/has one. Click :guilabel:`Generate` next to the
  :guilabel:`Badge ID` to create a badge ID.

  .. image:: new_employee/hr-settings.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Enter any information prompted in this tab for the employee.

Personal documents tab
----------------------

This tab is only displayed for certain countries. If this tab is not visible, it is not applicable
to the company's location.

> Add a file for the employee'ss :guilabel:`ID Card Copy`, :guilabel:`Driving License`,

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
Add a file for the employee's :guilabel:`ID Card Copy`, :guilabel:`Driving License`,
```

:guilabel:`Mobile Subscription Invoice`, :guilabel:`SIM Card Copy`, and :guilabel:`Internet
Subscription Invoice` by clicking the :guilabel:`Upload Your File` button next to the corresponding

> field. File types that can be accepted are jpg, png, and pdf.

Reviewer 2: Im a fan of using the :file: tag for file extensions, this is optional but adds visual variation to the doc!
```suggestion
field. File types that can be accepted are :file:`.jpg`, :file:`.png`, and :file:`.pdf`.
```

==================
Add a new employee
==================

When a new employee is hired, the first step is to create a new employee form. Starting in the
:guilabel:`Employees`` app default view, click the :guilabel:`Create` button to access a new
employee form. Fill out the required information (underlined in bold) and any additional details,
then click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: new_employee/employee-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new employee card.

.. note::
   The current company phone number and name is populated in the :guilabel:`Work Phone` and
   :guilabel:`Company` fields.

General information
===================

Required fields
---------------

- :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the employee's name.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Select the :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down menu that the new employee
  is hired by, or create a new company by typing the name in the field.
- :guilabel:`Working Hours`: In the :guilabel:`Work Information` tab, select the desired amount of

>   :guilabel:`Working Hours` from the drop-down menu.

Author: I see what you mean by the company- since the "field" is labeled "Company" that's why I used the GUI at first, even though you click to the right of it, not on the word, if that makes sense. Might need @StraubCreative to weight in since I do see both sides.

As for the working times though, I see what you mean, but Odoo uses both terms Working Hours and Working times. So, if I understand Odoo correctly (I'll be honest, I am not 100% yet) companies set different 'working times' that can be used but the employee has set 'working hours' on their card that is related to the working times, but it is labeled differently. 

Also, I am removing "amount" since it's their possible schedule (40 hours, 30 hours, etc).

  Phone`, :guilabel:`Work Email`, and/or :guilabel:`Company` name. The :guilabel:`External Link`
  button (next to :guilabel:`Company`) opens the company's :guilabel:`General Information` card.
  Modifications can be made to this card. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
- :guilabel:`Department`: Select the employee's department from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected department's details. Modifications to the
  :guilabel:`Department Name`, :guilabel:`Parent Department`, :guilabel:`Manager`, and
  :guilabel:`Company` can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
- :guilabel:`Manager`: Select the employee's :guilabel:`Manager` from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected manager's :guilabel:`Employee Form`.
  Modifications to the form can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.
- :guilabel:`Coach`: Select the employee's :guilabel:`Coach` from the drop-down menu. The external
  link button opens the selected coach's :guilabel:`Employee Form`. Modifications to the form can be

>   made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.

Author: That one was a gamble! I wasn't sure if I should use the GUI since they are elements IN the UI, and you're entering the info FOR the UI element- but rereading it now I see your point. Thank you!

  drop-down menu. Options include :guilabel:`Graduate`, :guilabel:`Bachelor`, :guilabel:`Master`,
  :guilabel:`Doctor`, or :guilabel:`Other`. Type in the :guilabel:`Field of Study`, and the name of
  the :guilabel:`School` in the respective fields.
- :guilabel:`Citizenship`: This section houses all the information relevant to the citizenship of
  the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality (Country)`,
  :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of Birth` uses
  a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the :guilabel:`month`, then the
  :guilabel:`year`, to access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the
  correct year range, and click on the :guilabel:`year`. Next, click on the  :guilabel:`month`.
  Last, click on the :guilabel:`day` to select the date. Type in the information for the
  :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If
  the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the

>   respective fields.

Author: I'll admit something embarrassing here.... I actually did not know you could click twice on the year and then you got to pick the ranges then the year! I literally scrolled through the MONTHS like an idiot! So I figured, if my brilliant self could make that mistake, maybe someone else could use the heads up, lol. 

I'm being cheeky- I don't mind removing it but I honestly think there may be value to this since I didn't discover it until I accidentally clicked a few times too many and saw the years and gasped in amazement =)  And if we have someone trying to go form 2023 to.... 1970, it might be a pain.

- :guilabel:`Dependant`: If the employee has any dependants, that information is entered here. Type
  in the number of children the employee has, and check the boxes next to :guilabel:`Disabled
  Children` and/or :guilabel:`Other Dependent People` if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Work Permit`: If the employee has a work permit, enter the information in this section.
  Type in the :guilabel:`Visa No` and/or :guilabel:`Work Permit No` in the corresponding fields.
  Using the calendar module, select the :guilabel:`Visa Expire Date` to enter the expiration date.

>   .. image:: new_employee/personal-info.png
>      :align: center
>      :alt: Enter any personal information for the employee in this tab.

Reviewer 2: This image is indented unnecessarily and adding context
```suggestion
 .. image:: new_employee/work-info.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Add the work information to the Work Information tab.
```

Author: This is the Private Information tab not the Work Information (Odoo divided these up this way for some reason) so I updated this correction for that, and updated the file name- I had "personal" info which was wrong.

  affect manufacturing costs for a product, if the value of the manufactured product is not a fixed
  amount.
- :guilabel:`Attendance`: This section may only appear for Belgian companies. Enter the
  :guilabel:`INSZ or BIS` number if applicable. :guilabel:`Badge ID` and a :guilabel:`PIN Code` can
  be entered here, if the employee needs/has one. Click :guilabel:`Generate` next to the
  :guilabel:`Badge ID` to create a badge ID.

  .. image:: new_employee/hr-settings.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Enter any information prompted in this tab for the employee.

Personal documents tab
----------------------

This tab is only displayed for certain countries. If this tab is not visible, it is not applicable
to the company's location.

Add a file for the employee's :guilabel:`ID Card Copy`, :guilabel:`Driving License`,
:guilabel:`Mobile Subscription Invoice`, :guilabel:`SIM Card Copy`, and :guilabel:`Internet
Subscription Invoice` by clicking the :guilabel:`Upload Your File` button next to the corresponding
field. File types that can be accepted are :file:`.jpg`, :file:`.png`, and :file:`.pdf`.

>   .. image:: new_employee/personal.png
>      :align: center
>      :alt: Upload personal documents for the employee in this tab, either a jpg, png, or pdf.

Reviewer 2: This image is indented unnecessarily and adding context
```suggestion
.. image:: new_employee/personal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Upload documents for the employee in the Personal Documents tab, either a jpg, png, or pdf.
```

form. Fill out the required information (underlined in bold) and any additional details, then click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: new_employee/employee-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new employee card.

.. note::
   The current company phone number and name is populated in the :guilabel:`Work Phone` and
   :guilabel:`Company` fields.

General information
===================

Required fields
---------------

- :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the employee's name.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Select the company from the drop-down menu that the new employee is hired by,
  or create a new company by typing the name in the field.
- :guilabel:`Working Hours`: In the :guilabel:`Work Information` tab, select the desired
  :guilabel:`Working Hours` from the drop-down menu.

.. image:: new_employee/working-hours.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Working Hours are located in the Work Information tab.

.. note::
   :guilabel:`Working Hours` are related to a company's working times, and an employee cannot have
   working hours that are outside of a company's working times.

   Each individual working time is company-specific, so for multi-company databases, each company

>    needs to have it's own working hours set.

Reviewer 2: I believe this should be 'its' (possessive pronoun) instead of 'it’s' (short for 'it is')
```suggestion
   needs to have its own working hours set.
```

   If an employee's working hours are not configured as a working time for the company, new working
   times can be added, or existing working times can be modified. To add or modify a working time,
   go to the :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Working Times`, and add a new working
   time or edit an existing one.

   After the new working time is created, set the working hours for the employee.

Optional fields
---------------

- :guilabel:`Photo`: In the top right image box of the employee card, click on the :guilabel:`✏️
  (pencil)` edit icon to select a photo to upload.
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: Enter the employee's job position title.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: Click on a tag in the drop-down menu to add any tags applicable to the employee.
  Any tag can be created in this field by typing it in. Once created, the new tag is available for
  all employee cards. There is no limit to the amount of tags that can be added.

> - Work Contact Information: Enter the employees :guilabel:`Work Mobile`, :guilabel:`Work Phone`,

Reviewer 3: checking— does this get a gui?

Author: For consistency I would like it to, because you do click on the tag, but since "tag" is generic- I removed t. The argument does stand- the word "tag" is not clickable, the actual tag itself is (the individually created ones).

  :guilabel:`Work Email`, and/or :guilabel:`Company` name. The :guilabel:`External Link` button
  (next to :guilabel:`Company`) opens the company's :guilabel:`General Information` card.
  Modifications can be made to this card. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
- :guilabel:`Department`: Select the employee's department from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected department's details. Modifications to the
  :guilabel:`Department Name`, :guilabel:`Parent Department`, :guilabel:`Manager`, and
  :guilabel:`Company` can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making edits.
- :guilabel:`Manager`: Select the employee's manager from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens the selected manager's employee form. Modifications to the
  form can be made here. Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.
- :guilabel:`Coach`: Select the employee's coach from the drop-down menu. The :guilabel:`External
  Link` button opens the selected coach's employee form. Modifications to the form can be made here.

>   Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.

Reviewer 3: The same rolling supplemental information on these three list items (below) can probably be omitted from the list items and turned into a single **tip** block.
```
  The :guilabel:`External
  Link` button opens the selected coach's employee form. Modifications to the form can be made here.
  Click :guilabel:`Save` after any edits are made.
```

Author: Great idea- and makes the list shorter/less repetitive!

.. note::
   After a :guilabel:`Manager` is selected, if the :guilabel:`Coach` field is blank, the selected
   manager automatically populates the :guilabel:`Coach` field.

Additional information tabs
===========================

> Resume tab

Reviewer 3: Here and t/o the doc it seems we're missing the accented "e" on resumé

     :guilabel:`Save & New`.

- :guilabel:`Skill`: The corresponding skills associated with the selected :guilabel:`Skill Type`
  appear in a drop-down menu. For example, selecting :guilabel:`Language` as the :guilabel:`Skill
  Type` presents a variety of languages to select from under the :guilabel:`Skills` field. Select
  the appropriate pre-configured skill, or type in a new one.
- :guilabel:`Skill Level`: Pre-defined skill levels associated with the selected :guilabel:`Skill
  Type` appear in a drop-down menu. Select a level or create a new skill level by typing it in.
- :guilabel:`Progress`: Progress is automatically selected based on the selected :guilabel:`Skill
  Level`. Skill levels and progress can be modified in the :guilabel:`Skill Type` pop-up form, which
  is accessed via the :guilabel:`External Link` button next to :guilabel:`Skill Type` field.

To delete any line from the :guilabel:`Resume` tab, click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash can)` delete icon
to delete the entry. Add a new line by clicking the :guilabel:`ADD` button next to the corresponding
section.

Work information tab
--------------------

> - :guilabel:`Location`: Select the :guilabel:`Work Address` from the drop-down menu. The
>   :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens up the selected company form in a window, and allows for
>   editing. The :guilabel:`Work Location` is where any specific location details should be noted,
>   such as a floor, or building.
> - :guilabel:`Approvers`: Using the drop-down menus, select the employees responsible for approving
>   :guilabel:`Time Off`, :guilabel:`Expenses`, and :guilabel:`Timesheets` for the employee. The
>   :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens a form with the approver's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email
>   Address`, :guilabel:`Company`, :guilabel:`Phone`, and :guilabel:`Mobile` fields. These can be
>   modified, if needed. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making any edits.
> - :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone` for
>   the employee. The :guilabel:`External Link` icon opens up a detailed view of the specific daily
>   working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here. Global time off (such as
>   holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off` tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to
>   add a new global time off.
> - :guilabel:`Planning`: Click on a planning role from the drop-down menu for both the
>   :guilabel:`Default Planning Role` and the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` fields to add a role. There
>   is no limit to the amount of :guilabel:`Planning Roles` that can be selected for an employee, but
>   there can only be one :guilabel:`Default Planning Role`. The default is the *typical* role that
>   the employee performs, where the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` are *all* the specific roles the
>   employee is able to perform.

Reviewer 2: Updating _External Link icon_ ➡️ _External Link button_ for consistency :)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Location`: Select the :guilabel:`Work Address` from the drop-down menu. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens up the selected company form in a window, and allows for
  editing. The :guilabel:`Work Location` is where any specific location details should be noted,
  such as a floor, or building.
- :guilabel:`Approvers`: Using the drop-down menus, select the employees responsible for approving
  :guilabel:`Time Off`, :guilabel:`Expenses`, and :guilabel:`Timesheets` for the employee. The
  :guilabel:`External Link` button opens a form with the approver's :guilabel:`Name`,
  :guilabel:`Email Address`, :guilabel:`Company`, :guilabel:`Phone`, and :guilabel:`Mobile` fields.
  These can be modified, if needed. Click :guilabel:`Save` after making any edits.
- :guilabel:`Schedule`: Select the :guilabel:`Working Hours` (required) and :guilabel:`Timezone` for
  the employee. The :guilabel:`External Link` button opens up a detailed view of the specific daily
  working hours. Working hours can be created, modified, or deleted here. Global time off (such as
  holidays) can be entered in the :guilabel:`Global Time Off` tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to
  add a new global time off.
- :guilabel:`Planning`: Click on a planning role from the drop-down menu for both the
  :guilabel:`Default Planning Role` and the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` fields to add a role. There
  is no limit to the amount of :guilabel:`Planning Roles` that can be selected for an employee, but
  there can only be one :guilabel:`Default Planning Role`. The default is the *typical* role that
  the employee performs, where the :guilabel:`Planning Roles` are *all* the specific roles the
  employee is able to perform.
```

  .. image:: new_employee/work-info.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Add the work information to the Work Information tab.

Private information tab
-----------------------

No information in the :guilabel:`Private Information` tab is required, however, some information in
this section may be critical for the company's payroll department. In order to properly process
payslips and ensure all deductions are accounted for, the employee's personal information should be
entered.

Here, the employee's :guilabel:`Private Contact`, :guilabel:`Marital Status`, :guilabel:`Emergency
Contact`, :guilabel:`Education`, :guilabel:`Citizenship`, :guilabel:`Dependant`, and :guilabel:`Work
Permit` information is entered. Fields are entered either using a drop-down menu, clicking a check
box, or typing in the information.

- :guilabel:`Private Contact`: Enter the :guilabel:`Address` for the employee. The selection can be
  made with the drop-down menu. If the information is not available, type in the name for the new

>   address. To edit the new address, click the :guilabel:`External Link` icon to open the address

Reviewer 2: Last one 😉
```suggestion
  address. To edit the new address, click the :guilabel:`External Link` button to open the address
```

  :guilabel:`Certificate Level` drop-down menu. Options include :guilabel:`Graduate`,
  :guilabel:`Bachelor`, :guilabel:`Master`, :guilabel:`Doctor`, or :guilabel:`Other`. Type in the
  :guilabel:`Field of Study`, and the name of the :guilabel:`School` in the respective fields.
- :guilabel:`Citizenship`: This section houses all the information relevant to the citizenship of
  the employee. Some selections use a drop-down menu, as does the :guilabel:`Nationality (Country)`,
  :guilabel:`Gender`, and :guilabel:`Country of Birth` sections. The :guilabel:`Date of Birth` uses
  a calendar module to select the date. First, click on the name of the :guilabel:`month`, then the
  :guilabel:`year`, to access the year ranges. Use the left and right arrows, navigate to the
  correct year range, and click on the :guilabel:`year`. Next, click on the  :guilabel:`month`.
  Last, click on the :guilabel:`day` to select the date. Type in the information for the
  :guilabel:`Identification No`, :guilabel:`Passport No`, and :guilabel:`Place of Birth` fields. If
  the employee is :guilabel:`Disabled` or a :guilabel:`Nonresident`, click the check box next to the

>   respective fields.

Author: This was tough, because I thought the GUI tag should be used every time the person clicks on something, and they do click on the month, day, etc. But I made these changes- I believe I do follow the logic here

- :guilabel:`Dependant`: If the employee has any dependants, that information is entered here. Type
  in the number of children the employee has, and check the boxes next to :guilabel:`Disabled
  Children` and/or :guilabel:`Other Dependent People` if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Work Permit`: If the employee has a work permit, enter the information in this section.
  Type in the :guilabel:`Visa No` and/or :guilabel:`Work Permit No` in the corresponding fields.
  Using the calendar module, select the :guilabel:`Visa Expire Date` to enter the expiration date.

> .. image:: new_employee/private-info.png

Reviewer 3: This screenshot, as well as the others featuring forms in the doc, would serve better if the form fields were *filled in*. They can already see blank forms in their own databases, however what's really valuable is seeing a final result.

As is, these are fine, however something to consider for edits later for 15 and 16.

Author: While I hate to *not* do something, but since in a coupe months 14 will be gone, I will instead just make the image changes for 15 an d16.
